Specify how this document updates RFC 8999 (#126)
quicwg/version-negotiation: draft-ietf-quic-version-negotiation.md

Version Negotiation packet to indicate that the version the client chose is
unacceptable, but doesn't allow the client to safely make use of that
information to create a new connection with a mutually supported version.
This document updates {{QUIC-INVARIANTS}} by defining an alternative version
negotiation mechanism, while keeping the option to use the mechanism defined in

> {{QUIC-INVARIANTS}} for negotiating versions incompatible with the initially

Reviewer: This text contradicts the start of the paragraph, QUIC-INVARIANTS does not define a version negotiation *mechanism*, it only defines a version negotiation *packet*.

> This document updates {{!QUIC-INVARIANTS=RFC8999}} by defining an alternative
> version negotiation mechanism, while keeping the option to use the
> mechanism defined in {{!QUIC-INVARIANTS=RFC8999}} for negotiating versions
> incompatible with the initially proposed value.

Reviewer: No need to redefine the references:

```suggestion
This document updates {{QUIC-INVARIANTS}} by defining an alternative version
negotiation mechanism, while keeping the option to use the mechanism defined in
{{QUIC-INVARIANTS}} for negotiating versions incompatible with the initially
proposed value.
```

Version Negotiation packet to indicate that the version the client chose is
unacceptable, but doesn't allow the client to safely make use of that
information to create a new connection with a mutually supported version.
This document updates {{QUIC-INVARIANTS}} by defining version

> negotiation mechanisms that partially replace the Version Negotiation packet.

Reviewer: How about this?
```suggestion
negotiation mechanisms that leverage the Version Negotiation packet.
```

Author: That works, I merged your commit in the PR.

> 

Author: Simpler text, less likely to contradict other sentences. @DavidSchinazi, what do you think?
